# _{Accelerate Biotech + Digital Health PDX}_

#### _{Meetup Summary and Reflection}, {03-02-2018}_

#### By _**{Hamza Naeem}**_

## Description

_{The name of the tech event was called Accelerate BioTech and Digital Health PDX and it took place on 03-01-2018. The organization that held the event is OTRADI Bioscience incubator. The format of the meetup was mostly networking through social interaction and two speakers for 15 minutes each that were pitching there services to the collective audience. The general feel of the audience that attended was anyone from medical students from OHSU to software development firms that help create backend interfaces for hospitals and clinics to people that help develop medical devices and doctors as well. The purpose for this meetup was to bring people together from the Bioscience world to have an opportunity to mingle with people from the Tech Industry and BioTech Worlds. The two speakers were from start-ups that needed investments and just need a broader client spectrum. The first speaker, Ben Rivero,  was from a start-up from Austin, Texas called Xeo Pharma. This is a company that has expertise in bioassay development and analytical chemistry that helps with companies that are developing new pharmaceuticals and medical devices. They work very closely with software development companies because the clients that they have come from a very wide range of occupation and they need software to keep up with the change in there clients growth. The second speaker, Graham Langley,  was from a company called called LMT. This is a company that works with another company called APPARATUS, which is a company that does innovation development and technology discovery. He spoke about and new device that will drastically reduce a specific surgery's failure percentage and save the healthcare industry potential billions of dollars. I chose this particular event because of previous history in biology and chemistry and my potential future in the tech industry and this meetup was the best of both worlds, I was able to converse in great details with those from the Bioscience fields and the Software development fields. Even though this filled with professionals and "big-wigs" I was able to meet a few students in the biotech and medical fields that were there just to learn just like me. I learn that these meetups are very important and even more important to go to when you are a student. To make the meetup better I would have suggested that they use a microphone instead of just talking because to clearly understand speakers from two different fields you must be very articulate because not everyone is from the medical field or the tech industry. I would suggest if you have any prior background in science or are wanting to jump in the biotech world then you should attend this meetup, This was my first meet up and I enjoyed it. I know I will for sure be going to more. Thank You for the opportunity. }_
